Add in-development SpanProcessor operations tracking Span changes. (#5104)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/trace/sdk.md

**Returns:** `Void`

#### OnAddLink

**Status**: [Development](../document-status.md)

> `OnAddLink` is called after a link has been added to a span. This method

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`OnAddLink` MUST be called after a link has been added to a span. This method
```

> `OnAddLink` is called after a link has been added to a span. This method

Reviewer: how about referring to `AddLink` with a hyperlink?

> MUST NOT be called in case the cardinality limits prevented the link from being

Reviewer 2: do we use the word "cardinality limits" for links?

> added. This method is called synchronously on the thread that added the link,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
added. This method MUST be called synchronously on the thread that added the link,
```

> therefore it should not block or throw exceptions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
therefore the implementation should not block or throw exceptions.
```

**Parameters:**

* `span` - a [readable span object](#additional-span-interfaces) on which
  the link was just added.
* `spanContext` - the span context of the linked span.
* `attributes` - the attributes describing the link.

**Returns:** `Void`

#### OnNameUpdate

**Status**: [Development](../document-status.md)

`OnNameUpdate` is called after the span name has been updated. This method is
called synchronously on the thread that updated the span name, therefore it
should not block or throw exceptions.

**Parameters:**

> * `span` - a [readable span object](#additional-span-interfaces) with the

Reviewer 2: should we also pass the old name?

Author: That's a good question. We can probably include it for now, and remove it before stabilization if we think we don't need it at all.

  updated name.

**Returns:** `Void`

#### OnSetAttribute

**Status**: [Development](../document-status.md)

`OnSetAttribute` is called after an attribute has been set on a span.
This includes an existing attribute being updated. This method MUST NOT be

> called in case the cardinality limits prevented the attribute from being set.

Reviewer 2: same comment as link - cardinality limit is not the correct term here.

This method is called synchronously on the thread that set the attribute,
therefore it should not block or throw exceptions.

**Parameters:**

* `span` - a [readable span object](#additional-span-interfaces) on which
  the attribute was just set.
* `attributeKey` - the key of the attribute.

> * `attributeValue` - the value of the attribute.

Reviewer: maybe just `attribute` and refer to https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/main/specification/common/README.md#attribute?
